sentence _ index sentence
1 the rock is destined to be the 21st century &apos; s new `` conan &apos; &apos; and that he &apos; s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .
2 the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings &apos; &apos; trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer \ / director peter jackson &apos; s expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien &apos; s middle-earth .
3 effective but too-tepid biopic
4 if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .
5 emerges as something rare , an issue movie that &apos; s so honest and keenly observed that it does n &apos;t feel like one .
6 the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
7 offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
8 perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
9 steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it &apos; s so clever you want to hate it .
10 but he somehow pulls it off .
11 take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema .
12 this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
13 what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
14 -lrb- wendigo is -rrb- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
15 one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
16 ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
17 an utterly compelling ` who wrote it &apos; in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
18 illuminating if overly talky documentary .
19 a masterpiece four years in the making .
20 the movie &apos; s ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
21 offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
22 a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
23 with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely &amp; amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
24 a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .
25 not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it &apos; s a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
26 scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
27 occasionally melodramatic , it &apos; s also extremely effective .
28 an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
29 at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
30 however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson &apos; s tale as well as with earlier disney efforts .
31 it helps that lil bow wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
32 guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
33 a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
34 light , cute and forgettable .
35 if there &apos; s a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it &apos; s in projects like the -lrb- unfortunately r-rated -rrb- paid .
36 while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it &apos; s a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .
37 though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
38 cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent &apos; s days
39 ms. fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
40 though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
41 like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
42 a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
43 newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , mark wahlberg .
44 the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that &apos; s even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
45 much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
46 fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
47 the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
48 karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
49 gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
50 a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n &apos;t know .
51 tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
52 may be spoofing an easy target -- those old &apos; 50 &apos; s giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
53 an engaging overview of johnson &apos; s eccentric career .
54 in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
55 some actors have so much charisma that you &apos; d be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
56 hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
57 sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open .
58 behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies -lrb- plus one sheep dog -rrb- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
59 everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
60 manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
61 singer \ / composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
62 you &apos; d think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold .
63 yet the act is still charming here .
64 whether or not you &apos; re enlightened by any of derrida &apos; s lectures on `` the other &apos; &apos; and `` the self , &apos; &apos; derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
65 a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
66 this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 &apos; s whatever .
67 disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids &apos; books to the screen ... tuck everlasting is a little of both .
68 just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
69 the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
70 the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
71 morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
72 part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
73 son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
74 a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
75 a taut , intelligent psychological drama .
76 a truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
77 this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
78 at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
79 the appearance of treebeard and gollum &apos; s expanded role will either have you loving what you &apos; re seeing , or rolling your eyes .
80 i loved it !
81 gollum &apos; s ` performance &apos; is incredible !
82 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento &apos; &apos;
83 if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n &apos;t wait to see what happens next .
84 haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
85 absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
86 it &apos; s the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .
87 painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year &apos; s most accomplished and riveting film performances .
88 this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
89 a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
90 while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
91 together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
92 in the process , they demonstrate that there &apos; s still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
93 director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth .
94 the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
95 a sports movie with action that &apos; s exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
96 doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie &apos; s spycraft and uses damon &apos; s ability to be focused and sincere .
97 the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
98 katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
99 like the film &apos; s almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - &apos; 80s suburbia , it &apos; s significant without being overstated .
